規則動詞の過去の作り方
Stop, John, I said. John stopped at once.
Walk again, John, I said. John at once walked again.
Stop, no, no, on, toka.
御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御御
シの音で終わる動詞にはやはり同じ規則が用いられます。
Rub your hands, John, I said. John at once rubbed his hands.
Change your seat, John, I said.
John at once changed his seat.
The sound of the verb る is like the sound of the verb change.
The verb る is like the sound of the verb ド.
The rule of adding the sound of ド to the sound of the verb change is applied to the case of a vowel or a vowel.
For example,
Open the door, John, I said.
John at once opened the door.
Enter the room, John, I said.
John at once entered the room.
However, the verb ッ with the sound of 立ちつて and 立ちつて with the sound of ド is added to the case of ッ.
For example,
Plant a tree, John, I said.
John at once planted the tree.
Unfold the branches, John, I said.
John at once unfolded the branches.
Plant, planted, unfold, unfolded.
The above shows only the case of the past,
Please remember that the way to make the past tense of the rules is exactly the same as the past.